README.md, before:

# halliganClue
A Halligan-themed Clue game

## Instructions
Run ./test in a terminal window with forwarding enabled to automatically create three clients (all client objects called "c").


## TODO

Remove characters from order w/ accusations
Fix passageways, movements




## Would be nice
Notify everyone turn is being taken
Better ordering of player
Game end request
Block the door
drop out of character order




roll, passage
        roll
return number w/ move prompt
        move string
accept move string
send msg
send new map
if applicable, offer suggestion prompt
        make suggestion
begin suggestion logic
        offer accuse at the end

game -> available actions

### An ideal list of messages
##### Client <-> Server

* Join (name)->
    * <- Join Notification (All)
* Character list request ->
    * <- Available Characters
* Character request ->
    * <- Confirmation OR character list if choice taken
    * <- Deck


(Weapon placement stage)

* Dice roll (ordering) ->
    * <- Order info (all)
    * <- Turn request

Take turn:
* Move request ->
    * <- Map update (all) or rejection w/ reason (+ ideally a confirmation here)
* Suggestion (only if in room) ->
    * <- Map update (all), suggestion rebuttal request (next player)
* Suggestion rebuttal or pass ->
    * <- Rebuttal info or nothing (OG player)
    * <- Rebuttal notification (all)


* leave ->
    * <- Graceful exit (all)

Commit message:

Added capability for multiple concurrent games; note: limitation of one game per ip at a time

README.md, after:

# halliganClue
A Halligan-themed Clue game

## Instructions
Run ./test in a terminal window with forwarding enabled to automatically create three clients (all client objects called "c").


## TODO

- Remove characters from order w/ accusations
- Fix passageways, movements
- Make up print-out sheets for investigator clue tracker (Juliana) for in-class live demo so everyone can try
- After game is totally functional change player number back to 6 (and see below in would be nice)



## Would be nice
Notify everyone turn is being taken
Better ordering of player
Game end request
Block the door
drop out of character order
Add message for early start to allow games of varying player group size (2-6), starts automatically at 6 (should be pretty simple)




roll, passage
        roll
return number w/ move prompt
        move string
accept move string
send msg
send new map
if applicable, offer suggestion prompt
        make suggestion
begin suggestion logic
        offer accuse at the end

game -> available actions

### An ideal list of messages
##### Client <-> Server

* Join (name)->
    * <- Join Notification (All)
* Character list request ->
    * <- Available Characters
* Character request ->
    * <- Confirmation OR character list if choice taken
    * <- Deck


(Weapon placement stage)

* Dice roll (ordering) ->
    * <- Order info (all)
    * <- Turn request

Take turn:
* Move request ->
    * <- Map update (all) or rejection w/ reason (+ ideally a confirmation here)
* Suggestion (only if in room) ->
    * <- Map update (all), suggestion rebuttal request (next player)
* Suggestion rebuttal or pass ->
    * <- Rebuttal info or nothing (OG player)
    * <- Rebuttal notification (all)


* leave ->
    * <- Graceful exit (all)
